Starting to think an agent might be better. The collect bot doesnt know th purpose of the app and so cant provide informationabout itself if people ask what it is.
The collect bot also will see that in previous turns it provided information and so it will hallucinate instead of collecting.
Also, there is no caching.
the share bot will not necessarily follow up by asking for more info

last time had some trouble passing info form conversation back to agent.
should i summarize? then the bot will resommuarize and info might be lost.
its also not obvious to agent how to integrate third hand info into conversation.
if i provide the entire conversation then the whole conversation is added to the agent loop. 
not ideal because user could query for the whole conversation details, and it takes up space.
the match prompt could be something like "Summarize a piece of information for the agent to use in its conversation"
also "without repeating verbatem provide all the information related a single thing the user has shared. it will be revealed indirectly to another user"
Also, the match prompt would not include thinking or tool calls

starting to think an explicitly mentioned trade would be better.
users have no idea what this is for and are not playing along they are not interested in other people, they just talk to the bot.
which makes sense because they are strangers the matching is kind of pointless so reinforcing it by being more on the nose makes more sense for strangers.


Im talking to the current user, and I also have access to other user conversations. For the current user I need to report the single most relevant thing from one of the other conversations. I want a summary that includes all relevant details rin the third person format. Such as @username said..., or @username did.., @username wants.... No need to editorialize or justify or introduce. Just respond with the information. If you followed my intructions correctly your response will include exactly one username.